docs: add `nlb` (#3225)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/include/nlb.en.md

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="nlb" href="#nlb" class="field">`nlb`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  
The nlb section contains parameters related to integrating your service with a Network Load Balancer.

> The Network Load Balancer is only enabled if you specify the `nlb` field. Note that for a Load-Balanced Web Service,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Load Balancer is enabled only if you specify the `nlb` field. Note that for a Load-Balanced Web Service,
```

at least one of Application Load Balancer and Network Load Balancer must be enabled.

<span class="parent-field">nlb.</span><a id="nlb-port" href="#nlb-port" class="field">`port`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  
Required. The port and protocol for the Network Load Balancer to listen on. 

Accepted protocols include `tcp` and `tls`. If the protocol is not specified, `tcp` is used by default. For example:
```yaml
nlb:
  port: 80
```
will listen on port 80 for `tcp` requests. This is the same as 
```yaml
nlb:
  port: 80/tcp
```

You can easily enable TLS termination. For example:
```yaml
nlb:
  port: 443/tls
```

<span class="parent-field">nlb.</span><a id="nlb-healthcheck" href="#nlb-healthcheck" class="field">`healthcheck`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  
Specify the health check configuration for your Network Load Balancer.
```yaml
nlb:
  healthcheck:
    port: 80
    healthy_threshold: 3
    unhealthy_threshold: 2
    interval: 15s
    timeout: 10s
```

> <span class="parent-field">nlb.healthcheck.</span><a id="http-healthcheck-port" href="#http-healthcheck-port" class="field">`port`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">nlb.healthcheck.</span><a id="nlb-healthcheck-port" href="#nlb-healthcheck-port" class="field">`port`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  
```

Author: Good catch!!

The port that the health check requests are sent to. Specify this if your health check should be performed on a different port than the container target port.

<span class="parent-field">nlb.healthcheck.</span><a id="nlb-healthcheck-healthy-threshold" href="#nlb-healthcheck-healthy-threshold" class="field">`healthy_threshold`</a> <span class="type">Integer</span>  
The number of consecutive health check successes required before considering an unhealthy target healthy. The default is 3. Range: 2-10.

<span class="parent-field">nlb.healthcheck.</span><a id="nlb-healthcheck-unhealthy-threshold" href="#nlb-healthcheck-unhealthy-threshold" class="field">`unhealthy_threshold`</a> <span class="type">Integer</span>  
The number of consecutive health check failures required before considering a target unhealthy. The default is 3. Range: 2-10.

!!! info

>     Per the latest [doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/target-group-health-checks.html) at the time this documentation is written, for a Network Load Balancer, unhealthy threshold is required to be the same as the healthy threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Per the [docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/target-group-health-checks.html) at the time of this writing, 'unhealthy threshold' is required to be equal to 'healthy threshold' for a Network Load Balancer.
```
